Fix Zsh autoloaded completion to not require double tab (#2424)
yargs/yargs: README.md

                             return a Promise                          [boolean]
```

> * bash-completion (and Zsh completion) shortcuts for commands and options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* generate completion scripts for Bash and Zsh for your command
```

Reviewer: (Good tidy-up adding Zsh mention in the README.)
